---
title: 2,000 members! WOW!
date: 2020-08-27
tags:
    - post
    - update
    - 2020
categories:
    - author
keywords:
    - post
    - update
    - 2020
image: /images/sailorzelda.jpg
---
{{< button href="https://www.reddit.com/r/vekllei/comments/ih3yvf/2000_members_wow/" >}}Archived from the original article here{{< /button >}}
{{< hint danger >}}
**🌼 Featured in the *Atlantic***  
This article appeared in **Issue #4 of the *Atlantic* Bulletin**. You can read it [here](//newsdesk/bulletin/2020/4).
{{< /hint >}}

Hello,

I’m Hobart. I’ve been working on this project for a while now. It doesn’t really have a purpose or an end goal — I just want to draw and write about nice things, and I’m learning a lot on the way.
Welcome to everyone new here. I don’t really have anything to sell, I’d just like to thank you for tuning in and checking Vekllei out.

I’ve drawn Tzipora here as a sort of Sailor Moon knock-off. Good show that. The Japanese intro is very nostalgic, I’d love to do a little animated short in that style.

I post about twice a week. I do a bit of everything — machines, maps, characters, landscapes, architecture, etc. I’m truly a master of none.

You can come join the Discord if you’d like — it’s just a quiet community to share interests and talk: discord.gg/dCE6vSU

Otherwise, I’ll keep doing what I’m doing and you can keep liking my stuff (please). If you have any questions about the project, or just want to introduce yourselves, here’s a good place to do it!
Thank you kindly to all commenters, readers and friends of the project, whether you’ve been here for years or for six hours — it’s very special to have so many people interested in work that’s so close to my heart.

Keep on keeping on,

Hobart
